Require db.logs.query.enabled for log collection to work (#81)
neo4j/docs-ops-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/addition/index.adoc

| password
|===

> To enable the query log collection functionality, there are also a few additional environment variables.

Reviewer: Hmm yeah this might be for the best. What I originally wanted to convey with this wording was that there are several variables which are indeed _optional_ to set. Then again, the port is mandatory to enable the feature.

> If `CONFIG_INSTANCE_n_QUERY_LOG_PORT` is not set, the feature is treated as disabled. The rest of NOM will still work.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If `CONFIG_INSTANCE_n_QUERY_LOG_PORT` is not set, the feature is treated as disabled. 
The rest of NOM still works.
```
